hello guys I'm Vasco I'm I'm working in
for moxie and I've been working in GSI
PFS for the last almost two months this
week my objective was to finish the work
I've been doing before regarding the
serviceworker gateway running in this is
running the ipfs node in the service
worker using it for a gateway before
starting the serviceworker gateway I'm
just saying that it was also really cool
the IP NS and Lee peer-to-peer
discussion it also helped me a lot and
was one of the discussions that I wanted
to have okay so in the serviceworker
gateway there are there are several
types of files that we need to consider
in these gateways so we can start by
checking the current to IPA faster i/o a
gateway there you can have things like
simple text files or directories with
several other directories or files where
you can open a file and you can also
have directories which have a intro page
like an index.html when you open it will
redirect to the index.html page so I
will run my
okay when you when when you start the GS
ipfs de Rio it's not supposed that the
ipfs note starts immediately running
unless the user decides that he wants to
use the the serviceworker so if I go to
ipfs slash ash I can't get there however
if I start the serviceworker I can show
you that the serviceworker is running to
zero and here is activated in running
and now if you go to a simple ash for
example for the simple file we can go
there / up FS / ash and with this we
don't need to contact with the server -
afterwards do the query to the daemon it
automatically is running in the
serviceworker now I can show you the
other types the directory and it is
possible to as you run open files I will
I created a new repository to do this
templating and then I will I will change
the GS ipfs to also use the same repo
because now the code is duplicated where
I created the repo just for afterward
migrating the other one for the simple
website
it loaded as I went to the - of the main
director it loaded the index.html and
also the index CSS that was in the
directory and it's pretty much this
anyone has a question
[Applause]
does this enable any kind of loading of
pages that was hard to do
yeah I didn't show another thing that
it's kind of related we can also contact
the the note inside the clients this is
for example now I hear I have a button
that means just and I also restore her
when where I can do ipfs door ID and I
can contact also directly the smokes
working now check if it's running work
okay okay it's it's okay now
so with the node running the service
worker we can contact it directly in the
client site without any any need to
contact to the server so it will improve
a lot I think in the client site
you this one page then you got to be a
sacrificing service order and
browse the web come out the browser the
browser
yes yeah you can do this yeah and there
is a thing that is still getting so
right now what you please cut me forward
to just you'll be able to use this
because anything by coming up comm
matching like an image from like one for
each bench she's in a bowl of the
browser then the service worker and I
could see the end like 20 best to all of
us I think I sense and then we have a
service work unit I mean I suppose but
can be discovered
hopefully serving same assets for all
the web pages yeah any more questions
little
obstructed
yeah I created the new repo just for
deciding which type of father is and if
it needs any templating it also returns
the template immediately
or like service workers and also when
you eventually learn the native protocol
browser also browser will generally
stick itself so we want all those places
like the same
yeah that's why I created the repo I
think that it makes sense to all use the
same and I I had the idea of deploying
it I mean I haven't applied yet but I'm
even today or tomorrow at least I will
have ingest or a professor I out the
service worker deployed I just have to
to sync with Pedro because it is also
working in the GSI PFS landing page and
I will deploy it then I you can try it
yourself
[Music]
so the browser might depart from you get
like 20% of the free space that ease of
use for the browser and the browser yeah
but what I didn't understand I'm just
wondering whether we could imagine we've
got a window that I did this fall back
module that is expected to be used in
the webpage that will use an external
demon
will do the practically
the service work that's using
yeah yeah yeah I think it's the service
worker is funny yeah me like a migration
stuff so you don't have to like the
probably any
yeah as I clean the next steps as David
said is the deluxe page where we can
check what is going on and also I will I
also wanted to add cache mechanism with
the serviceworker I have to discuss and
decide what's the criterion for that but
it's pretty easy to implement but I
would not cache for example a one
gigabyte Wilder I have to I don't know
decide or discuss with other people with
watches which is a reasonable size
inside a box like a room of those mister
share that space who can extract that
from
on the stories in Italy
there's also my story there it's like
you get whatever the ground
bigger than installed
basically
yeah
all right the Illini telecentres record
from
yeah
[Applause]